Reorganize the repository structure (#312)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/repository-guidelines/README.md

---
title: Overview
label: internal
---

The Repository guidelines include:

- The [instruction](./01-new-repository-settings.md) that lists recommended settings for a new repository in the `kyma-project` and `kyma-incubator` organizations.

> - The content desription of the [`repository-template`](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/tree/master/guidelines/repository-guidelines/repository-template) folder that provides the structure of an exemplary Kyma repository. Use it whenever you create a new repository within Kyma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The content description of the [`repository-template`](https://github.com/mmitoraj/community/tree/kyma-project-io/guidelines/repository-guidelines/repository-template) folder that provides the structure of an exemplary Kyma repository. Use it whenever you create a new repository within Kyma.
```

Author: The link will be ok after the PR is merged.
